Zijunta
Lord, how did you become so vicious?
Don't talk about husband and wife
Even a stranger
You wouldn't do that to him.
How can you bear it? It's him first.
Help him
Both Zijindan
The princess is about to take this medicine
What is this medicine?
Zijindan can be turned into vitality
Excellent for your injury
This medicine is very precious
Each prince has only one
Prince Chu was not willing to take this medicine once
Is that better?
What do you think? This king didn't expect it either.
You didn't even treat your own wounds
You are different now than before
We need to talk
As long as you don't hit me
Talk whatever you want
What medicine did you give your grandfather?
Dopa
For myocardial infarction and heart failure
breathing difficulties
Who gave it to you, this king has never heard of it
That's my own medicine
The world is so big
The prince has never seen him
Never heard of him
More to go
Obviously you're not telling the truth
You don't believe me?
Naturally, I don't think I'm telling the truth.
Then what kind of medicine did you scare this king?
Why did this king lose consciousness?
You can't move.
That's not poison
Is an anesthetic
For surgery
And purple gold soup
The same thing.
Purple gold soup is poison
So
The prince knows very well that he has given me poison, right?
The prince is so cruel
If you want me to die so much
Why give me the purple golden egg?
I'm dead.
Isn't it as you want?